Write ME ARCHITECTURE.md section on the migrations table (#2664)
prisma/prisma-engines: migration-engine/ARCHITECTURE.md

   to A (this is part of `migrate dev`). Generating a migration between two
   schemas is called **diffing** in the Migration Engine.

## Implementation

### The _prisma_migrations table

We will just call it "the migrations table". It serves the same purpose as the
migrations tables that nearly all migration tools have. The terminology we use
is SQL specific, because we only use a migrations table where we have
migrations, and currently (2022-02), that means SQL connectors.

> Prisma's migrations table is a bit more extensive than other tool's tend to be.

Author: tools'

Let's examine the schema (on Postgres — it's identical everywhere else, modulo
small idiosyncrasies):

```sql
CREATE TABLE _prisma_migrations (
    id                      VARCHAR(36) PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL,
    checksum                VARCHAR(64) NOT NULL,
    finished_at             TIMESTAMPTZ,
    migration_name          VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    logs                    TEXT,
    rolled_back_at          TIMESTAMPTZ,
    started_at              TIMESTAMPTZ NOT NULL DEFAULT now(),
    applied_steps_count     INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0
);
```

> - `id` is a unique random identifier. In practice, a v4 UUID.

Author: random unique

- `checksum` is the sha256 checksum of the migration file. We never override
  this once it has been written.
- `finished_at` is the timestamp at which the migration completed. We only
  write this at the end of a successful migration, so this column being not
  null means the migration completed without error.
- `migration_name` is the complete name of the migration directory (without path prefix).
- `logs` is where we record the error, in case of error.

> - `rolled_back_at` is written by `prisma migrate resolve --rolled-back`, and

Author: delete `--rolled-back`

  causes the migration to be ignored by migrate when not null.
- `started_at` is the creation timestamp of the row in the migrations table. We write this before starting to apply the migration.
- `applied_steps_count` should be considered deprecated.

On `resolve`, Migrate will:

- with `--applied`, mark the existing row as rolled back, and create a new one
  with `finished_at` == `started_at`. We do this to avoid overwriting the
  existing record's checksum and timestamps, because that would erase an event
  that actually happened from the record.
- with `--rolled-back`, the row's `rolled_back_at` column is populated with the
  current timestamp.

On `deploy`, Migrate compares the migrations directory on disk with the
migrations table. If for any row in the migrations table, `finished_at` is null

> and `rolled_|ack_at` is null, it means the migration failed and the failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `rolled_back_at` is null, it means the migration failed and the failure
```

hasn't been resolved yet, so deploy stops there with a detailed error.
Otherwise, for each migrations in the migrations directory:

- If there is a row in the migrations table,
    - And `rolled_back_at` is not null: ignore it
    - And `finished_at` is not null: do not apply the migration

> - If there is no correspondingrow in the migrations table,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is no corresponding row in the migrations table,
```
